Wife, I love you deeply.
How could I possibly hurt you?
I heard they were together for many years.
Always loving, huh?
That's right, Chen Shixian couldn't have killed anyone
This poisonous woman must be for profit
Robbery of Quan Zhixian
Think about it too.
That's his wife and children
But how can you do it?
At the wedding of the century
But he lost for three days
It seems that all these years
Mr. Chen's disguise is very good.
Also killing his wife
Killing a son is such a unconscionable thing
No wonder people don't want to believe it
People before 24 filial piety husband
behind
The devil who kills without blinking
I was the victim.
And he Chen Shixian
Should go to hell
He is not Li Mo.